Apple Internship Phone Interview + Verdict!
Published on February 24, 2008.
I had my Apple phone interview on Friday.
It went well, except for all of the questions I couldn’t answer! orz.
About five seconds into the interview, I realized that the description given to me and the actual content of the internship would be quite different.
The position was described as “iPhone QA Engineer,” which listed duties like “functional testing of iPhone applications” and “design and implementation of test plans and test cases, risk analysis, & integration testing across the system.”
The description that my interviewer gave was that I’d be working on an internal iPhone web application for tracking test results and other stuff.
Definitely not as interesting as I thought it would be.
It’s probably still kind of cool, but not as cool as doing actual QA on the iPhone.
By the time the interview had finished, I knew it would be a bad fit and that I would get an email with the same sentiments.
Sure enough, about two hours after the interview had ended I got an email from the recruiter saying there wasn’t a fit.
He said he’d send it to a few other departments in Apple as well. Cool guy.
I’m not too upset about this particular rejection, other than the fact that I feel it was incorrectly described, which cost me a bit of time in my preparation.
It was still a good experience, and I got to ask a few questions about the company culture at Apple.
In other non-news, I actually got a successful internship offer, so to speak.
But it’s not quite official yet so I can’t write about it until it is.